# NYC Citi Bike Analysis 
This is a summary of the analytic work that I did with the NYC Citi Bike data. According to the data, bike sharing business is very popular and profitable in New York City. The total trip duration in August was 2461840527 seconds. The majority of bike sharing customers are male, over 80%. The younger people are the main customers and their tripduration are above 800 seconds. The majority of bike sharing customers in New York City are subscribers. The popular location is Manhattan as it shows that most of the starting and ending places are there. The peak hour of the bike sharing business is from 5-7pm while the downtime is from 12-5am. There are bikes that are used for much more than others, with over 1,000,000 seconds of service.

## Is Des Moines a good place to open a bike-sharing business?
The median income in Des Moines is $52251, which is close to New York City $60762. So the spending power would be about the same, which is a good starting point for any business. The gender diversity in Des Moines City is 50.8%, which is also similar to New York City 52.3%. Since Men is the main bike-sharing customers in New York City, Des Moines can do well too. Yonger people are big bike-sharing customers in New York City and there are many young people in Des Moines city (85.9%<65 years)>), which can be very profitable. The majority of bike sharing customers in New York City are subscribers (>80%) rather than customers. Although the tourists in Des Moines city is less than New York City, bike-sharing business may not be impacted. The summer weather in New york city is very similar to Des Monies city as well and they are in the 80sF. When the bike sharing business is established in Des Moines city, more bikes should be put in the downtown area since more business are from that area in New York City. The down hour for bike-sharing business would proably be around midnight 12-5am as in New York City, bike maintence should be scheduled during those hours for maximizing profits. The new bike business owner in Des Monies should keep track on the bike usage and rotate them for different locations, so the life of each bike can be similar and longer. 

[data source]https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Des_Moines,_Iowa
             https://www.dsm.city/
             http://weather.com
[link to dashboard]https://public.tableau.com/profile/ho.leong#!/vizhome/story2_15960908208360/Story2?publish=yes